Well, look at that,
we finally made it.
Ugh, "finally" is right,
it's always tough to find
gentlemanly companionship
on the road.
♪
[people murmuring]
All right. I'm off to meet this
Jenius person in administration.
What are you doing
the rest of the day?
I think I'll be joining you.
Oh, yeah? Are you interested
in studying here?
[ELINALISE] No,
but I am extremely interested
in the "student body."
[whispers]
Of course, yeah.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
On the journey here,
Elinalise revealed to me
that her promiscuity
is due in large part to a curse.
If she doesn't get any
for a little too long,
her health will
rapidly deteriorate.
Guess we should
be on our way then.
♪
[door creaks]
Thank you for waiting,
I am Jenius,
the vice principal here
[RUDEUS]
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I'm Rudeus Greyrat.
And my name is
Elinalise Dragonroad.
I'm a member of Rudeus' party.
I have to admit,
I didn't think we would get
to welcome you so soon.
[RUDEUS] Well,
I was advised to come quickly.
Were you? Oh, yes!
By Roxy, I suppose.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
That's Ms. Roxy to you, asshole.
In any case,
I take it you intend to enroll.
What is it that you would like
to accomplish here?
A number of things.
I have some research
I'd like to do...
-[sighs]
-...magic still to learn.
I just decided this
was the right place to do it.
I'm glad to hear
you answer honestly.
But now, if you wouldn't mind,
I would ask your cooperation
as we administer a little test.
What kind of test?
[door opens and closes]
[RUDEUS]
The grounds go on forever.
Do you really have that many
students enrolled here?
[JENIUS]
Yes, we cater to all.
Unlike most magically-focused
academies,
Ranoa University offers programs
in non-magical disciplines,
as well.
Really?
Would those programs by any
chance include a medical course
that handles
the study of mental illness?
I've never heard of
a medical course
in mental illness,
but we do offer classes in
healing, detoxification magic,
and we have a department
for the study of curses.
Why do you inquire?
Is someone you know sick?
W-well, yeah,
I guess you could say that.
I understand. We have many
students who have enrolled
to research cures and the like
for their loved ones.
-A noble pursuit.
-Hmm!
[people laughing and chattering]
Okay, so, what exactly
would you like me to do?
I understand that
you've mastered spell casting
without incantations.
I would like for you
to demonstrate.
[claps]
I've arranged
for our resident silent caster
to help us verify
your abilities.
One of our brightest students.
This is Fitz.
[gasps]
[exhales]
Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you!
I'm Rudeus Greyrat.
Provided this goes well,
I'll be your underclassman
this coming semester.
And if you find me
lacking in anyway,
I hope
you'll help guide me along.
Um... sure. I'm Fitz. Pleasure.
[JENIUS] Your test today
will be a mock duel,
with primarily voiceless magic,
if you please.
[RUDEUS]
Yes, sir.
Wait, if I lose, is he gonna
make me pay tuition?
That would suck.
I don't wanna do that.
Uh!
Cute wand.
[JENIUS]
Now, begin!
[gasps]
Really? But how?
Good question! I wonder.
[gasps]
[all gasp]
-[groans]
-[people murmuring]
[gasps]
[SYLPHIETTE] I have to know.
How did you do that?
[RUDEUS] That was
just a Disturb Magic spell.
-Do you not know it?
-Hm!
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Aw, man.
Did I just publicly embarrass
an upperclassman?
-He's strong. Who is he?
-I don't like that. No.
I mean, are they
going to expect all of us
to perform at that level?
[FEMALE STUDENT 2]
I sure hope not, because...
Uh!
Thank you for going
so easy on me!
You didn't have to let me win
just because I'm new here,
but I do appreciate it.
Ahh?!
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Soft hands.
He's prob'ly never held
a weapon.
Hey, I really do owe you one.
So, I'll find some way to pay
you back for this soon.
Huh?
Mm!
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
And so, a month later,
I was living
in the university dorms.
I also got a better breakdown
of what being
a special student means.
We're exempt
from paying tuition,
and we're excused from most,
if not all, regular lessons.
As long as I attend a homeroom
meeting once a month,
I can pretty much do
whatever I want here.
We're treated more
like research staff
than regular students.
And we're obviously
still ambassadors
for the school
when we're off campus,
but it's almost more freedom
than I know what to do with.
♪
Well, how do I look?
I bet you'd have an even easier
time picking up guys around here
if you shortened
your skirt a little bit.
Just long enough
to hide your underwear.
Yeah, I suppose I could,
but what if I get too cold?
Then, just wear stockings
up to your thighs.
But of course,
just what I'd expect
from your brilliant intellect.
[JENIUS]
And now, a few words
from the student council
president.
[students chatter]
[FEMALE STUDENT 1]
Isn't that Princess Ariel?
[FEMALE STUDENT 2] It is!
So, that must be Silent Fitz!
[FEMALE STUDENT 3]
Ohh, it's Master Luke!
My goodness, isn't that the same
sweet little boy
you brought to tears
during your exhibition battle?
Don't say it like that,
I didn't make him cry.
[LUKE] Silence!
Princess Ariel wishes to speak!
[ELINALISE]
Oh, he's pretty.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
He kind of reminds me of Paul.
The floor is yours,
your Highness.
♪
I am Ariel Anemoi Asura.
I'm the second princess
of the Asura Kingdom,
and leader of this university's
student council.
You have made the pilgrimage
to the Ranoa University of Magic
from around the world
in all walks of life.
Our student body is made up
many different clans and races.
From humans,
to demons and beastfolk.
Language and cultural barriers
between students
may feel daunting.
However, you would do well
to remember
you mustn't persecute
your fellow students,
simply because their race
or speech is different.
We maintain a strict sense
of order here that may...
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
"Let's all follow the rules,
don't make
anyone uncomfortable,"
all pretty standard initiation
kind of stuff.
-[ARIEL] Understand that...
-It would normally bore me...
-The safety of those around you.
-...but she's got real charisma.
I just want to listen to her.
And finally, we welcome you
with open arms.
And wish you pleasant
and enriching lives here.
[applaud]
Ah?
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] Crap.
I forgot to do something nice
for that guy after the test.
[scoffs] Please don't hold
that against me.
Uh!
Is this
the special student class?
[gasps shockingly]
Ah!
[ZANOBA]
[screams] Muh. Master!
[yelling]
Master! Tell me you haven't
forgotten your student?
It is I, Zanoba!
Nope, of course I remember you.
Please let go, my pupil,
you're scaring me a little.
[ZANOBA]
How are you, Master?
[RUDEUS] Well, right now,
I'm glad to find Your Highness
-in good health.
-[stomps]
I don't like him, meow.
-Ah!
-"Meow"?
But, Mistress Linia,
this is the young man
I was telling you about before.
-My master--
-[LINIA] Bring him here, meow.
-Ah! Well, I--
-[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] Hang on,
-is he getting bullied?
-He just got here.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] I thought
Zanoba was pretty strong,
but can't deny...
-...what it looks like.
-Again, that’s my master.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
My name is Rudeus Greyrat.
I'm honored
to be joining your class.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] Either way,
acting humble is the way to go
with people like her.
Then I can just avoid her
as best I can.
Wow! I like that you know
your place, meow.
Name's Linia Dedoldia.
I'm a fifth-year.
And my dad, Gyes?
He's the war chief
of Doldia Village, meow.
So, you had better
watch your step.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
I figured she was a Doldia.
[scoffs]
But Gyes' daughter?
He did say his oldest
was studying abroad.
I guess now I know where.
Memories. Ah! Blue.
[chews]
Stinks in here.
Excuse me, we haven't
been introduced yet, either,
may I ask your name as well?
It's Pursena. My deal
is the same as Linia's.
"Pursena," huh?
That's a really beautiful name!
Glad to meet you.
Nuhni Nano.
[RUDEUS]
Ah?!
[CLIFF]
Hey.
Yes? Can I help you?
Just double checking.
You said your name
was "Rudeus," that right?
Yes. Rudeus Greyrat,
at your service.
It's a pleasure
to make your acquaintance.
I'm Cliff Grimoire.
I'm a magical genius.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] [scoffs]
He calls himself a genius?
That's not embarrassing.
[CLIFF]
I'm a second-year,
but I've already achieved
Advanced- rankings
in all offensive magics,
as well as healing,
detoxification,
and divine magic.
I'm a beginner with barriers,
but I'll be Intermediate soon.
[RUDEUS]
Wow, that's really impressive.
Don't be so effusive. I know
you're a mage, of course.
But you're a swordsman,
too, right?
Yes, though,
I only dabble nowadays.
But, how do you know that? Who
told you that I was a swordsman?
[CLIFF]
Eris did.
Eris?
Is she enrolled here, too?
[scoffs]
Really? No, of course she isn't.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Yeah, fair.
There's no way in hell
Eris would go back
to school now.
So, um, where exactly
did you cross paths?
[scoffs]
And now there's only one
of us you haven't met yet.
Although,
she may not come by at all.
So she doesn't attend classes?
Nope! And as you can see,
she's even exempt
from our monthly
homeroom meetings.
She spends the vast majority
of her time
in her research laboratory.
[RUDEUS]
Well, in that case,
whatever she's researching
must be huge.
[ZANOBA]
Oh, but of course
she ventures outside
when she needs to!
I'm sure you'll meet her
eventually.
♪
You wanna hang out later?
[FEMALE STUDENT 5]
I've still got homework.
♪
[yelps]
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
All right,
the Man-God said
if I want to get my mojo back,
I need to investigate
the Displacement Incident.
I can do that!
This library is gigantic!
Hm?
But that kinda makes
it difficult to start.
[gasps]
♪
[RUDEUS] Please forgive me
for the other day!
I was overzealous with my magic
and caused you to lose face.
I intended to bring you a gift
of some kind in repayment,
but I haven't quite
found the chance yet.
- But the next time I see you--
-It's fine.
And you don't have to bow.
[gasps]
Um, "Rudeus," was it?
What brings you to the library?
[RUDEUS]
Just a bit of research.
Oh? Into what?
The mass teleportation.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Really? W-why?
Well, I grew up in
and around the Fittoa region
of Asura myself,
but the incident teleported me
to the middle
of the Demon Continent.
Demon Continent?
Yes. The journey home
took just about three years.
My family all seems to
have been found in that time,
but as far as I know,
one of my old friends
is still missing.
And you came here,
to investigate
where they might have wound up?
Yes, I did.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Yeah, let's stick with that
instead of jumping straight
to "erectile dysfunction."
But, I mean.
I do want to learn more
about the mana disaster, too.
[SYLPHIETTE] I see.
You really are incredible.
I should be going.
See you around, Rudeus.
[RUDEUS]
Oh, yeah, see you.
Oh! For your research?
Read Animus' "Exploring
the Teleporter Labyrinth".
It is a narrative account,
but it's a good place to start.
[gasps] Thank you very much.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
That was really kind.
And he honestly doesn't seem
to be holding a grudge
after that mock battle.
Maybe the tough-guy
shades threw me off,
and he's actually
a pretty great guy.
[RUDEUS] Oh! So, Your Highness
is here studying abroad?
[ZANOBA] Yes! And I practice
my earth magic every day!
[RUDEUS] Is that so?
Then, once I'm settled,
let's make a figure together.
Yes!
Oh, uh, should I address
you as royalty
or just an upperclassman?
[laughs]
Please, we needn't bother
with titles at all, dear Master!
Far be it from me
to tell you what to do,
but you are free to simply
call me Zanoba.
Zanoba, then.
Master! Thank you!
[laughter]
You. Aren't you Fitz's?
Nice to meet you.
My name is Rudeus Greyrat.
It's my first day
as a student here,
so I'll be looking to you
upperclassmen for guidance.
Yes, I'm aware.
Fitz said as much,
and that
you're rather forgetful.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Forgetful? Me?
What does he think
I'm forgetting?
[LUKE] Anyway, you do know
who I am, don't you?
No, actually,
I'm afraid I don't,
but if you would be so kind
as to introduce yourself?
I shouldn't be surprised
that I'm beneath your notice.
Even so.
[RUDEUS]
I think you misunderstand.
My name is Luke Notos Greyrat.
Notos Greyrat?
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] Notos is
Paul's branch of the family,
so I guess
that makes him my cousin.
[scoffs]
[ZANOBA]
He comes from Asuran nobility.
Although he is technically
a student,
his true purpose here
is to act as a bodyguard
for his liege,
Princess Ariel, so.
She's the second princess
of the Asura Kingdom, isn't she?
I wonder what brought her here.
I'm given to understand
that she lost the struggle
to become heir apparent
to the throne
and used her studies
as a pretext
to flee the country.
Now Luke could have stayed
in Asura
and become a guardian knight
to one of her siblings,
but I believe he enrolled here
to stay by Ariel's side
in the event she decides
to return to her kingdom
and reignite her bid
for succession.
Her other bodyguard
is Silent Fitz.
He's a skilled mage
who doesn't use incantations,
but that's all anybody knows
about him.
And that he's an elf, I suppose.
[sighs]
[bell tolls]
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] I returned
to wandering the library
after lunch, but the sun
was setting before I knew it.
If I want to do
any real research,
I'd better bring a notebook
or something next time.
Hmm!
It's white, but it's not snow.
Whoa.
It's panties.
Uh!
[RUDEUS]
Excuse me, you dropped these--
[screams] Underwear thief!
Huh?
[female students clamoring]
Hey, look, I, uh...
[grunts]
[growls]
♪
Degenerate filth!
Please withhold judgment!
I haven't done anything wrong.
[GOLIADE]
Oh! You haven't?
Then explain
what you've got in your hand!
Those are Princess Ahriel's
undergarments!
You may idolize her highness,
but you may not rob her.
-Shame!
-Tell 'im! You freak!
-Die
-[gasps]
[GOLIADE]
Get over here, pipsqueak.
Maybe I should shatter your arm
so you never try this again?
-[RUDEUS] Ah! Wait--
-[SYLPHIETTE] Stop!
[pants]
My apologies. It's on me.
I dropped those
when I was hanging them out
to dry.
All he did was stop them
touching the ground.
[scoffs]
Even if that is true,
we can't just let him
off the hook
when he's out strolling
by the girls' dormitories
after sundown!
Everyone knows
male students are forbidden
from using this pathway
after hours!
I actually didn't know that.
He's a new student
and he's not familiar
with the more intricate
dorm rules yet.
Let the infraction go.
[GOLIADE]
If Silent Fitz vouches for him,
there must be something
redeemable about this boy.
Unfortunately for him,
that's beside the point!
The rules have been violated
and an example must be made!
He will be puni, uh...
I'm telling you
he did nothing wrong.
So take your hands off him.
[FEMALE STUDENT 6]
M-Master Fitz?
[SYLPHIETTE ] Unless
you would all prefer a trip
to the infirmary,
then release him now.
Um! Hm. Yeah, fine,
whatever you say, Fitz.
-[growls]
-[groans]
But next time
I won't be so nice!
[gasps] Sorry about that.
Goliade can be difficult
to reason with sometimes.
[exhales]
[SYLPHIETTE] I'm so sorry,
you only got in trouble
because I was careless
with the laundry.
[RUDEUS] Oh, gosh, no,
that wasn't your fault at all.
But thanks for your help.
I don't know
what would have happened
if you hadn't' been there.
Don't mention it. Anybody
would have done the same thing.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Doesn't seem that way to me.
He's been so impartial and kind.
What a great guy.
M-Master.
Yeah. That feels right.
He deserves the utmost respect.
♪
Master Fitz. I'm truly grateful
for your help.
Hmm! [chuckles]
[chuckles]
I don't know if I can get used
to you thanking me.
It feels a little odd.
Oh, really?
Like, what's so odd about it?
♪
[grunts]
[sighs]
♪
Can't say.
[chuckles]
[gasps]